Merge rewrite branch, splitting into two books (#414)
rust-embedded/discovery: microbit/src/09-led-compass/magnitude.md

# Magnitude

> We have been working with the direction of the magnetic field but what's its real magnitude?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have been working with the direction of the magnetic field but what is its real magnitude?
```
